1401-interactive-story-ezamakhina
=================================

### Reflective ReportThe idea of "The Diary" project came from the fact that i used to kept the hard copy diary where I glued all the stuff I've made or liked: my own photos, drawings, herbarium and etc. 
This project is a try to move the same feeling and mood to a different media. To make it interactive and include new features that were impossible to place into the paper. Also, i'm interested in video making and it takes a part in my art. 
So this is what I've missed in my hard copy diary. Videos — as a short sketches from memory and music helps to creates the feelings.For me it was a bit difficult to get to the core of programming techniques and remember how to use most of the scripts, so 've tried not to risk and just play a bit with what I know for sure. The help of patient teacher was very useful. The only thing, teacher decided to relieve my life and showed me how to use a link to css style shit. At first I was very happy, but later I've realized that this technique is not suited for me for this type of project. Because there were too many details and I returned it all back. But I'll remember it and may use it for a future. 
For the answers I've searched various blogs and forums. But since my project is quite simple, how to fix most of my issues we were taught in the lectures. 
"The Diary" project is endless and has no limits.It's completely useless, but as the teacher said, "it's is like a poem." This is exactly the way I would like it to be perceived.Despite the fact that I don't feel absolutely familiar with the programming, this project I've really liked and it was fun to do it. Of course, I did not have enough time to do everything exactly as I intended, but I would like to continue it in my their spare time. Actually, it was inspiring. 
#### 13 November 2014
#### Evdokia Zamakhina