1401-interactive-story-dsaloun
=========================

### Assignment No and Title: Interactive Storytelling### Class: UNIT 63 Interactive Media Design and Prototyping Semester: 1404 HEL### Lecturer: Ryan Cole, Michal Mariánek### Due Date: 13. 11. 2014
## Reflective Report*Student: Daniel Saloun*  
This assignment goal was to create an interactive storytelling webpage with use of HTML, CSS3 and basic knowledge of JavaScript. Our final outcome should be creative both visually and technically. It mean that we have to use common interactions in new and interesting ways. We should create great visuals, and have put them toge- ther in good editorial fashion.  
First of all, I would like to say what I learned and find useful and informative in this project. I appreciate very much that I could learn what contains process of making an interactive functional website. Before this project I was just wondering and surmised how can all this cool websites work. Honestly, it was a rocket science for me. It was a big challenge and motivation for me to create something that will work and will be clear, easy to use and for sure have a nice design for the user.  
As first of all I sketched few ideas for the interactive story. It was: explanation of offside meaning, racing game, puzzle, Prague now and before and drawing inside of a color palette. Than I started to deciding for the best story to present. My favorite ones were the color pallete drawing and comparison between historical Prague photos and nowadays reality. Finally the project which I had closer to and I felt that I could really enjoy was the Prague photos. The second step was to collect all the materials required for the creation part. In this point I decided to focus on telling only the story of occupation day 21.8.1968. One of the reasons why I decided so was the fact that there are already few pages that are showing this comparison. And I also found a greate archive that belongs to The Institu- te for the Study of Totalitarian Regimes. I got there needed photos and radio transmissions from that morning as a mp3. In the next step I chose 32 original images and than I photographed their copy nowadays. With taking a picture, I started in Vinohrady, because there the ocupants went first.  
After I was finished with collecting materials I started to work inside of the HTML and CSS. I created a windows and put always these to photos behind each others at the same position. I gave all the images the same width of 800px so my work was easier. Than I used scrollAction so the image in front has disappeared. At the same way I also let the audio play.  
To sum up, for me it was an interesting project and a great opportunity to learn something new and needed for my future career. I was not expecting that my final website will function exactly as I had suggested. Now it become part of my portfolio that I am proud of. After this project I will not be afraid to be trying building interactive websi- tes with a use of JavaScript functions. It should be fun and I don‘t have to be a super web master to use JS.  
*Daniel Saloun*  
**13. 11. 2014, Prague**