1401-interactive-story-dgavor
=============================

At first stage I couldn‘t devise any valid idea. I came up just with ideas such as interactivepresentati- on of my web projects or a website which would waste visitor‘s time on purpouse.  
￼￼
￼￼Finally, I came with 4 concepts:  
1. “Bureaucratic hell“ - A interactive storytelling showing problems in communication with offices (e.g. how difficult is company founding). It would be based on labyrinth style atmosphere, such as repetitive stair walking.  
2. “Line trip“ - Kind of game where you will walk with your avatar on the line (line could possibly change it‘s shape, so it would create kind of landscape). There would be clock showing you, how much time you wasted.  
3. “History of typography“ - interactive timeline, that would show the developement of typography.  
4. “Route concept“ - it shows in real scale earth atmosphere, its layers and changing of its appea- rance, while you are rising up. Beside that, there were some other possibilities, such as route to the middle of sun, or route through our solar system and so on. The latter could be done perhaps in 3D view)

￼￼I choose route through the earth atmosphere as my project, so I started researching, what possible data could be there. I collected these:
- Height- Temperature- Pressure- Chemical structure- Atmosphere layers- Parallel layers (Ozone layer etc...)- Objects (clouds, Mount Everest, Concorde, birds, space shuttle, meteorological balloon etc...) - Wiki facts, links claims (highest temperature)  
Then, I started thinking about graphics and technology. In technology I had 2 choices: to do it asit is on http://lostworldsfairs.com/atlantis/ (object with fixed position and a background under the object), which would be easier, but it wouldn‘t probably allow the background to be 6 000 000 px high and it wouldn‘t allow to manage the speed. So I used the technology, probably simmilar to technology used on thedeepestsite.com. It is done by using of JavaScript. It uses layers and inside of them there are textures (10 000 px high each), which rotate. Textures, you don‘t see currently are not in memory.  
According to fact, it necessitate some skill in JavaScript, which I don‘t have, my fried, who is pro- grammer was helping me with it, so if we talk about background rolling technology I probably couldn‘t replicate it again, but I have learned some principles of JavaScript programming, so this experience was very helpful for me.  ￼￼

￼￼￼￼As a first image I drew landscape with Žižkov tower. I chose this landscape to be a little bit patriotic (Prague‘s highest building - 216 m) and mainly it is a interesting high-tech building, that reminds a rocket, which I think is quiet suitable. As avatar I chose air balloon, because I thought it would bring nice poetics. On the other hand ballon that is 2000 km/s fast is quite weird, so maybe I should have stay with rocket as I originally wanted. To the landscape, you start in cloudy weather. I did it to create more interesting and more changing landscape and also it feels optimistic to start in bad weather and to fly to the blue sky.In graphics it was hardest for me to define the scale and to imagine its construction, because it is about creating something that has millions of pixels overall and what is made by “bricks“, which have to create united image together.

####ConclusionIn graphics the hardest thing for me was to define the scale and to imagine its construction, because it is about creating something that has millions of pixels overall and what is made by “bricks“, which have to create united image together. I spent so much time by researching and drawings plans of cloud layers and so on. The other difficulty was to understand the technology, but finally I have lear- ned something, so it was definitely helpful.I am partly satisfied with the result, but for me it is not final, because I really like this project, so I am going to work on it further. I have to solve some bugs and mistakes. Further I have to extend and better design an informative layer, to add more data and to do it visually more interesting (for instance if you reach thermosphere, the hottest layer, the text will be beeping red). Other thing is to design it more detailed, for instance stratosphere is just blue colour now, maybe it should have some texture to recognize you are moving at least and to design some more objects, such as polar stratos- pheric cloud(unfortunately it is only polar, but it would make it more interesting, but still stratosphe- re would be just blue space) and polar mesospheric cloud (the highest cloud in earth) or to design burning and fastly moving meteors. Finally I would like to create a layer of clouds, that covers your baloon/rocket, what would be visually more interesting and you could feel the speed much more. Finally I think the result is not bad and I have learned a lot in this project, but it will be much nicer, when i will show at HND presentation, where I will hopefully get to.