# BriefMy idea was to make an interactive historical map of Saint-Petersburg metro from 1955 to 2012 (last opened station at this moment).The process should be somehow controlled by user so that the viewer could go back and forth and stop at particular point to look at the details.
# Elements1. SVG — all interactive graphic elements.2. HTML & CSS — all static elements.3. JS — interactive elements.4. SVG animating function (strokedraw).5. Function that converts lines into paths (because previous function works only with paths).6. Scrolling-capturing function and assiging scrolling values to particular events in order to control the map through the mouse.
# ￼Reflective reportIt turned out that I enjoy fiddling with the code even considering the fact that I knew almost nothing about JS before this project. I’ve also enjoyed executing my metro map idea, which at this point works well and looks good, but lacks a lot of details that would make this project not just “ok” but “awesome”. So I’ll certainly continue developing it either by myself or in some other college class.As for the process, I have to note that I got the idea almost instantly, being heavily in- fluenced by the game “Mini metro” and my overall passion to maps and UI. As I knew nothing about SVG I got all the information from tutors and websites. I also took some pieces of code from other projects I found on the web (see References). The project went rather smoothly, there wasn’t really big complications and everything happened according to plan.